The President:
Hi, everybody.
As I've said before, my top
priority as President is making
sure we do everything we can
to reignite the true engine of
America's economic growth -- a
rising, thriving middle class.
Yesterday, we received some
welcome news on that front.
We learned that our businesses
added nearly 250,000 new
jobs last month.
The unemployment
rate fell to 7.7% --
still too high, but now lower
than it was when I took office.
Our businesses have created
jobs every month for three years
straight -- nearly 6.4
million new jobs in all.
Our manufacturers are
bringing jobs back to America.
Our stock market has rebounded.
New homes are being built
and sold at a faster pace.
And we need to do everything we
can to keep that momentum going.
That means asking ourselves
three questions every day:
How do we make America
a magnet for new jobs?
How do we equip more of our
people with the skills those
jobs require?
And how do we make sure that
your hard work leads to a
decent living?
That has to be our driving
focus -- our North Star.
And at a time when our
businesses are gaining a little
more traction, the last thing
we should do is allow Washington
politics to get in the way.
You deserve better than the same
political gridlock and refusal
to compromise that has too often
passed for serious debate over
the last few years.
That's why I've been reaching
out to Republicans and Democrats
to see if we can untangle
some of the gridlock.
Earlier this week, for example,
I met with some Republican
Senators to see if there were
smarter ways to grow our economy
and reduce our deficits than the
arbitrary cuts and the so-called
"sequester" that
recently went into place.
We had an open and honest
conversation about critical
issues like immigration
reform and gun violence,
and other areas where we can
work together to move this
country forward.
And next week, I'll attend both
the Democratic and Republican
party meetings in the Capitol
to continue those discussions.
The fact is, America is a
nation of different beliefs and
different points of view.
That's part of what makes
us strong, and frankly,
makes our democratic debates
sometimes messy and a lot of
times, pretty frustrating.
But ultimately what makes us
special is when we summon the
ability to see past
those differences,
and come together around the
belief that what binds us
together will always be more
powerful than what drives
us apart.
As Democrats and Republicans, we
may disagree on the best way to
achieve our goals, but I'm
confident we can agree on what
those goals should be.
A strong and vibrant
middle class.
An economy that allows
businesses to grow and thrive.
An education system that gives
more Americans the skills they
need to compete for
the jobs of the future.
An immigration system that
actually works for families
and businesses.
Stronger communities and safer
streets for our children.
Making progress on these
issues won't be easy.
In the months ahead, there will
be more contentious debate and
honest disagreement between
principled people who want
what's best for this country.
But I still believe that
compromise is possible.
I still believe we can come
together to do big things.
And I know there are leaders on
the other side of the aisle who
share that belief.
So I'll keep fighting to solve
the real challenges facing
middle-class families.
And I'll enlist anyone
who is willing to help.
That's what this
country needs now --
and that's what you deserve.
Thanks so much.